For maintaining the versioning of data , git is used with DVC
so when version of code is saved in github then data version is saved in dvc but how will the data and that version of code will be in sync so for this 
when data is saved in dvc then dvc gives a id this id is stored with the code version to sync with that data version and similarly all the data version are made in sync with the same flow and whenever we need to roll back to our previous version then github gives the code for that version using shaid with the id for data version then with this data id we can get the data version also corresponding to that code






steps:
1. Create git repo and clone it in local.
2. Create mycode.py and add code to it. (it will save a csv file to a new "data" folder)
3. Do a git add-commit-push before initializing dvc.
# pip install dvc
4. Now we do "dvc init" (creates .dvcignore, .dvc)
5. Now do "mkdir S3" (creates a new S3 directory)
6. Now we do "dvc remote add -d myremote S3"    #telling dvc to store version of data here as setting up 'myremote as a default remote
7. Next "dvc add data/"   # to tell dvc that you have to track all the folders inside data folder
   Now it will ask to do: ("git rm -r --cached 'data'" and "git commit -m "stop tracking data"")  #currently git is tracking this folder so first remove git tracking for this folder then only dvc would be able to track this folder
   Because initially we were tracking data/ folder from git so now we remove it for DVC to handle.
8. Again we do "dvc add data/" (creates data.dvc) then "git add .gitignore data.dvc"
9. Now - "dvc commit" and then "dvc push"
9. Do a git add-commit-push to mark this stage as first version of data.
10. Now make changes to mycode.py to append a new row in data, check changes via "dvc status"
11. Again - - "dvc commit" and then "dvc push"
12. Then git add-commit-push (we're saving V2 of our data at this point)
13. Check dvc/git status, everything should be upto date.
14. Now repeat step 10-12 for v3 of data.


Github repo:
https://github.com/vikashishere/YT-MLOPS-DVC-DataVersion



